hi guys it's wretched farm today we are
going into road to ruin this is part 19
i'm pretty sure unless crash bandicoot 2
oh wait no this is this would be part 21
that yeah this is part 20 I think I'll
think I'm 100 sent diet imaging um over
there that goes towards I think I'm it
no no pressure the arm either be having
this I know it's been dating but I
always like to call it be having um I
think digging it or something yeah yeah
every effort levels like a lot yay if
its ability times charm I can x8 say
that probably this time yay and i'm
actually using it this time look means
that either dies are called a different
and i'm gonna risk what the hell is the
point of that okay thank you yes yes yes
yes yes oh but how could I give them
from that I've got the hell are you
wasting my hate you Bucky barrel thing
actually see that at the end of the
second version of this war / slug this
type of level so it's obviously a bit
more advanced to where we should be at
this moment
now we've got disappearing platforms we
don't have to have one so we're going to
find that easier though because we're
going to the ride that's right I'll
Bryant it all lefties must I think
that's the end of the barrel guys are
pretty sure so oh not these guys look
general ready I don't realize it was
that easy I thought there was an extra
pasta this maybe that's the cow version
it's down here I think thank you that
seems spectacularly know where are we
hello e what we get here what the hell
what the hell what the heck navigator
here what the heck is this anyway um
this is the only time you'll find
pulling platforms in a bonus round maybe
I think maybe in the second version you
might find about I really don't think so
and this is annoying bonus round because
you have to do all this just just watch
what a waste of time anyway spin that Oh
winter comes up back up I don't know why
they make it so long for it to come back
up this is really no point you just go
down and get come back up about 270 00
tonight as long as some games company
name any other tech my hair but I know
son game commercial do that kind of
thing I'm not sure this yeah I think
there's an extra thing for a box during
this long i'm not sure so that brownish
around probably didn't need a bit oh
well you know this isn't a speedrun you
know and i'll tell you later if you
needed that very annoying yeah this is a
point this is a guide the guy I cash and
equal to one hundred percent guy and yes
we don't need yes yes yes we don't need
their bonus round then I'll tell you
that right now so you can't blame me for
telling you that we need that bonus
round because we don't because we're
going to go in there later to get the
box gym but anyway I'm as I said we
we've got the death or examine and we
have the crystal what no it's that's not
fair and they'll get the crystals mean
what it drops you off so you don't get
the crystal all right fine I'm gonna
reckon them down crystal let's just mean
ha why does it do that ding you lunch
can trust me when this
that one just stares you that statue
before Samuel this monogram hey those
guys you can at least get these guys
we're gonna pull them dudes honey when I
said we had a crystal i think is just
between the step through and it's over
here where does it drop you off okay try
making this all these boxes so ready
screaming it drops you up over here so
basically means he missed the crystal
and you miss all those boxes so that's
just that's just why does it do that
that's just in tires you too you're not
entitled but in main things just
purposely makes you miss the crystal so
you have to go back for you backtrack
four to come back later probably a
lightning or like why does it do that
well I didn't realize how sure this down
level is the hell it's the shortest
thing wonderful that I think this thing
is so hard speaking yesterday but anyway
we finally have the crystal for road to
ruin oh sorry about that everyone anyway
I'm next time we're going into
unbearable and this level is really
unbearable so I'm going to have to do
some research before this level this
I've actually never complete this level
hundred percent so yeah that's that's me
for you see you everyone
you